README.md, before:

# Science Memes
This is a collection of science-inspired visual memes I have created. All images were created or postprocessed via keynote: [sciencememes.key](sciencememes.key)

## 2023-01: Cyclist desire lines
A visualization of designed and actual paths for cyclists on a busy Danish intersection, following the paper [*Computational Desire Line Analysis of Cyclists on the Dybbølsbro Intersection in Copenhagen*](https://findingspress.org/article/56683-computational-desire-line-analysis-of-cyclists-on-the-dybbolsbro-intersection-in-copenhagen). Source: [https://github.com/SimonBreum/desirelines](https://github.com/SimonBreum/desirelines)

![Cyclist desire lines](images/202301cyclistdesirelines.png "Cyclist desire lines")

## 2022-12: Urban speeds
A sketch depicting two different perspectives of speed in the city. Numerical values are in km/h.

![Urban speeds](images/202212urbanspeeds.png "Urban speeds")

## 2021-09: Cure the disease
A provocative sketch depicting one of the biggest problems in cities and how to cure it.

![Cure the disease](images/202109curedisease.png "Cure the disease")

## 2021-01: Bicycle network approaches
A visualization of the most distinct environments for cycling arriving from different approaches of urban planning, using real network data. Source: [https://github.com/mszell/taxonomybikenw](https://github.com/mszell/taxonomybikenw)

![Bicycle network approaches](images/202101bikenwapproaches.png "Bicycle network approaches")

## 2020-12: Data sets
A funny slide used in teaching *Introduction to Data Science and Programming*. Source: [https://github.com/mszell/introdatasci](https://github.com/mszell/introdatasci)

![Data sets](images/202012datasets.png "Data sets")

Commit message:

Add image descriptions
- add PhD calling

README.md, after:

# Science Memes
This is a collection of science-inspired visual memes I have created. All images were created or postprocessed via keynote: [sciencememes.key](sciencememes.key)

## 2023-01: Cyclist desire lines
A visualization of designed and actual paths for cyclists on a busy Danish intersection, following the paper [*Computational Desire Line Analysis of Cyclists on the Dybbølsbro Intersection in Copenhagen*](https://findingspress.org/article/56683-computational-desire-line-analysis-of-cyclists-on-the-dybbolsbro-intersection-in-copenhagen). Source: [https://github.com/SimonBreum/desirelines](https://github.com/SimonBreum/desirelines)

![Cyclist desire lines](images/202301cyclistdesirelines.png "Left: Title: Design. Photo of empty intersection with a white arrow of where cyclists are intended to travel. Right: Title: Reality. Photo of the same intersection, overlaid with hundreds of colorful cyclist trajectories going all over the place.")

## 2022-12: Urban speeds
A sketch depicting two different perspectives of speed in the city. Numerical values are in km/h.

![Urban speeds](images/202212urbanspeeds.png "Top human perspective showing scale: slow <5 km/h, medium 5-9 km/h, fast 10-19 km/h, deadly 20+ km/h. Bottom car perspective showing scale: slow <40 km/h, medium 40-59 km/h, fast 60+ km/h")

## 2022-10: PhD Calling
A popular visual meme created by manchildmanor.com, adapted to academia with the statement of an Ivy League Professor of how a PhD is not like real work with full pay but more of a calling.

![PhD Calling](images/202210phdcalling.png "Comic showing two men talking. Left man, with nice shirt and haircut: This is an underpaid PhD, but academia is a calling. Right man, looking worn down, folding hands and looking up: Oh that's perfect! My rent is actually 800 callings!")

## 2021-09: Cure the disease
A provocative sketch depicting one of the biggest problems in cities and how to cure it.

![Cure the disease](images/202109curedisease.png "A provocative sketch depicting one of the biggest problems in cities and how to cure it. A city icon surrounded by red car icons, vaccinated with a blue syringe that contains a pedestrian and bike icon. Text: Cure the Disease. Reduce speeds, remove parking, give space to cycling, give space to walking")

## 2021-01: Bicycle network approaches
A visualization of the most distinct environments for cycling arriving from different approaches of urban planning, using real network data. Source: [https://github.com/mszell/taxonomybikenw](https://github.com/mszell/taxonomybikenw)

![Bicycle network approaches](images/202101bikenwapproaches.png "A visualization of the most distinct environments for cycling arriving from different approaches of urban planning, using real network data.")

## 2020-12: Data sets
A funny slide used in teaching *Introduction to Data Science and Programming*. Source: [https://github.com/mszell/introdatasci](https://github.com/mszell/introdatasci)

![Data sets](images/202012datasets.png "Left: Data sets in tutorials. Showing world's cutest puppy, perfectly groomed - aww. Right: Data sets in the wild. Showing ugliest dog, eyes and teeth protruding and distorted, ferocious look - nightmare material.")
